Nicholas Li
401-808-1902   Worcester, MA  Linicholas2019@gmail.com  PORTFOLIO  LINKEDIN  GITHUB

EDUCATION
Worcester Polytechnic Institute (WPI), Worcester, MA	
Master of Science in Computer Science, GPA 3.8	August 2024
Bachelor of Science in Computer Science, GPA 3.3	May 2023
	Related Coursework: Software Engineering, Webware, Object-Oriented Design Concepts, Algorithms, Database Systems, Computer Networks, Machine Learning, Artificial Intelligence, Computer Vision, Data Mining

SKILLS	     
Java, Python, JavaScript, React, HTML, CSS, Spring, Agile, SQL, Docker, Git/Github, Bootstrap, Microsoft, ServiceNow

EXPERIENCE
City Carrier Assistant
United States Postal Service, Worcester MA	June 2025 - December 2025
Restaurant Manager
Ming House, Worcester MA	February 2023 - Present
Monitor daily operations with a goal of keeping everything orderly.
Keep content updated: online website, online ordering platform, menu, hours and more.
Resolve conflicts if and when they occur, both customer and employees.
Software Developer Intern/Co-op
Shaw Industries, Remote	May 2022 - August 2022
Contributed to Shaw Industries Service Portal projects, including the building of catalog items, automating of backend workflow, and other frontend features.
Developed catalog items used by hundreds of users, making it easier for employees to request access to services, products or permissions using ServiceNow, JavaScript, HTML, and CSS.
Automated workflow for many procedures on the portal, minimizing time and increasing organization.
Gathered requirements from business owners and stakeholders, created epics and stories, and conducted testing by documenting complete test scripts for users through the agile methodology.
Migrated existing features from old production to new production during release and removed unused features.

Project
Ming House Restaurant Website, Ming House, August 2024 - Present	GitHub   Link 
Intended for customers to be able to check out general info on the restaurant including prices, location and hours.
Implemented REST API using Java Spring used by frontend to get or send necessary information.
Connected the MySQL database to store all data of menu items, users, current cart, and placed order.
Designed an intuitive user interface using HTML, CSS, JavaScript, BootStrap, and React
Dockerize API and database for simplified deployment, testing, and running.
React, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, BootStrap, Java, Spring, SQL, Docker	
7Factor Staffing Tool, WPI, August 2022 - March 2023
Worked with 7Factor to implement a staffing tool to track billable hours, company revenue, and project resources.
Created user stories by conducting interviews with the founder and employees.
Implemented responsive design for all platforms including phone, tablet, and other nonstandard displays, keeping all functionalities and features using MaterialUI and BootStrap.
Java, Spring, PostgreSQL, JavaScript	
Hospital Servicing Application, WPI, January 2022 - March 2022	GitHub
Hospital Equipment Tracking and Servicing application for Brigham and Women's Hospital	 
Integrated backend service with SQL and MongoDB to add, delete, update, and query information for service request components of the application.
Designed and implemented backend API’s and integrated frontend with the APIs. 
Java, JavaFX, SQL, MongoDB
